well howdy there internet people is Bo
again so today we're going to talk about
why it's important to read past the
headline because man there's some
doozies out there today keep seeing
these headlines Democrats blocked police
reform Senate Dems blocked GOP police
reform bill all of this stuff hey man
that seems odd that seems really strange
seems like that might actually be so
weird and unbelievable that it may not
be true because it's not okay for
something to count as police reform
today you would have to operate under
the assumption that it would take into
account on some level police
accountability activists the people out
there in the streets all of the things
that have been talked about for you know
the last month it seems like those
things would come into play they would
be addressed by the bill especially if
you were gonna package it and market it
during this right so this Republican
bill that was put forward it ended or
limited qualified immunity right false
established a police database for
misconduct false and no not great false
ban chokeholds at least I mean that
one's a given false it didn't do any of
those things because it's not actually
about reforming police what the bill
actually did was it codified reporting
no not grades so it's actually an
implicit encouragement to continue doing
it it incentivized not using chokeholds
but didn't say you couldn't
and it made lynching a federal hate
crime in a police reform bill that's
funny I don't know who slipped at that
part in but that's funny
just for all of you back to blue people
out there please acknowledge the
Republican Party
in order to reform police one wants to
stop lynching because I mean at least
that part was honest okay so of course
the the Democratic Party in the Senate
they voted against this they blocked it
why because the people that won't reform
ask them to is how that played out
there's another bill coming forward put
forward by Democrats that does ban
chokehold
does ban no-knock raids in federal drug
warrant and limits qualified immunity it
still doesn't have a police database
though that needs to be in there that's
super important but it's not there you
know I I think the easiest way to look
at this is you have one bill that is
supported by old white guys from
Kentucky and another bill that is
supported by the n-double a-c-p which
one do you actually think is going to
kind of speak to the issues of black
lives matter yeah these articles with
these headlines their utter garbage the
the real headline there should be
something along the lines of Republicans
attempt to mislead constituents because
that's what they're doing this was not
police reform it's not what it was about
it was about throwing something out
there that the cops would get behind to
make it seem like they did something
because they have no interest in
reforming the police that's not on there
that's not on their agenda because most
of these senators well you can read
their quotes
this this is something that we're going
to have to fix it's gonna have to happen
we might as well do it right there's no
reason to allow a political party to to
pretend like they fixed it when they
didn't and to be honest I don't really
support the Democratic proposal because
without a database for police misconduct
it's kind of pointless that needs to be
included that that needs to be added if
it's going to have any teeth that needs
to be added so let's be careful when
we're consuming information about this
particular topic because remember the
establishment in general does not want
to reform its enforcement class it
doesn't want to reform the police it
wants them to have as much leeway as
possible so they'll do whatever they're
told so we really need to be careful
when we're reading stuff about this and
opinions about this if it doesn't
satisfy black lives matter if it doesn't
satisfy the police accountability groups
if it doesn't satisfy those people in
the streets it doesn't satisfy me anyway
it's just a fault
y'all have a good day